README.md, before:

# Overview
This is an [Alexa skill](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit) for getting suggestions on activities or restaurants in your city.  I originally created this Skill to help get a random suggestion for a date night with my beautiful girlfriend, Bridget.  The [activities.js](https://github.com/irlrobot/alexa_date_night/blob/master/activities.js) file holds all the recommendations, feel free to contribute your favorites with a Pull Request or by opening an Issue!

# Sample Utterances
Examples of things you can say:
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to give us a brunch suggestion in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night where should we go for dinner in Chicago?"
* "Alexa, ask Date Night for an outdoor activity suggestion in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to suggest lunch in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to suggest a free activity in Chicago."

## Supported Cities
* Chicago

## Supported activities
* breakfast
* lunch
* brunch
* dinner
* dessert
* sports bar
* dive bar
* upscale bar
* outdoor activity
* indoor activity
* free activity

# License
Copyright 2016 Josh Campbell. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. A copy of the License is located at

    http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/

or in the "license" file accompanying this file. This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Note: Other license terms may apply to certain, identified software files contained within or distributed with the accompanying software if such terms are included in the directory containing the accompanying software. Such other license terms will then apply in lieu of the terms of the software license above.

Commit message:

adds note that suggestions are crowdsourced

README.md, after:

# Overview
This is an [Alexa skill](https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit) for getting random, crowdsourced suggestions on activities or restaurants in your city.  I originally created this Skill to help get a random suggestion for a date night with my beautiful girlfriend, Bridget, so neither of us had to choose.  The [activities.js](https://github.com/irlrobot/alexa_date_night/blob/master/activities.js) file holds all the recommendations, feel free to contribute your favorites with a Pull Request or by opening an Issue!

# Sample Utterances
Examples of things you can say:
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to give us a brunch suggestion in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night where should we go for dinner in Chicago?"
* "Alexa, ask Date Night for an outdoor activity suggestion in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to suggest lunch in Chicago."
* "Alexa, ask Date Night to suggest a free activity in Chicago."

## Supported Cities
* Chicago

## Supported activities
* breakfast
* lunch
* brunch
* dinner
* dessert
* sports bar
* dive bar
* upscale bar
* outdoor activity
* indoor activity
* free activity

# License
Copyright 2016 Josh Campbell. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. A copy of the License is located at

    http://aws.amazon.com/apache2.0/

or in the "license" file accompanying this file. This file is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Note: Other license terms may apply to certain, identified software files contained within or distributed with the accompanying software if such terms are included in the directory containing the accompanying software. Such other license terms will then apply in lieu of the terms of the software license above.
